---
title: "letter"
bg: turquoise
color: white
fa-icon: envelope
---

## Letter from the director

<div class="first">
<p>As I look back over the 2014-2015 season I am excited, overwhelmed, humbled, and inspired all at once. As you will see in this annual report, our students and faculty have achieved some wonderful feats, our donor numbers are rising, we are partnering with more community organizations than ever, and we were able to hire our first part-time Artistic Director, which has been a goal for over two years.</p>

<p>And now is the time to look forward to what is coming. Going into our seventh year we have a talented team of staff and faculty led by our Operations Director, Cecelia Cecil and our new Artistic Director, Travis Sellers, as well as a truly amazing Board of Directors. We are in the process of completing our outdoor art education space and have installed the required electricity to begin operating our kiln and thus ceramics workshops. This coming fall we will be partnering with Conway High School’s internship program for the first time, allowing seniors to receive class credit through arts related work and study at Blackbird. And last but not least, we are currently finalizing our season calendar for 2015-2016 - be on the lookout for returning favorite performances and events as well as some stirring new ones. </p>

<p>Together, with the continued support of people like you, we are moving forward with more energy, focus, and passion than ever before. </p>

<h4>Thank You,</h4>
<h3><span class="cursive">Jennie Strange</span><br>Executive Director</h3>

</div>
<div class="second">
	<span class="fa-stack subtlecircle" id="heart" >
	  <i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-2x text-white"></i>
	  <i class="fa fa-heart fa-stack-1x text-red heart beat"></i>
	</span>

	<div class="next-button">
		<a href="https://www.paypal.com/us/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_flow&SESSION=YFbNODDfNQlNbxOLJG-tM_PVb9NGNwh9Ki2OWXl6SHUvvo9ecCeF8JXhfJm&dispatch=5885d80a13c0db1f8e263663d3faee8de6030e9239419d79c3f52f70a3ed57ec" class="btn btn-lg">Help Support Now   <i class="fa fa-chevron-circle-right"></i></a>
	</div>

</div>